OSRS Open Patent Promise for Libraries and Software Components 

OSRS Open and its affiliates ("OSRS") promise not to assert 
any Patents against you for making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
importing, or distributing Covered Code, as part of either an OSRS Open Library or 
as part of any application designed to run using an OSRS Open Component. 

If you file, maintain, or voluntarily participate in any claim in a lawsuit 
alleging direct or contributory patent infringement by any Covered Code, or 
inducement of patent infringement by any Covered Code, then your rights under 
this promise will automatically terminate. 

This promise is not an assurance that (i) any OSRS Open Patents are valid or 
enforceable, or (ii) Covered Code does not infringe patents or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. No rights except those 
expressly stated in this promise are granted, waived, or received by 
OSRS, whether by implication, exhaustion, estoppel, or otherwise. 
This is a personal promise directly from OSRS to you, and you agree as a 
condition of benefiting from it that no OSRS rights are received from 
suppliers, distributors, or otherwise from any other person in connection with 
this promise. 

Definitions: 

"Covered Code" means those OSRS Open libraries and components as 
made available by OSRS Open at https://github.com/OSRS/ and all sub-projects.

"OSRS Patents" are those patent claims, both currently owned by OSRS and 
acquired in the future, that are necessarily infringed by Covered Code. OSRS
Patents do not include any patent claims that are infringed by any Enabling 
Technology, that are infringed only as a consequence of modification of 
Covered Code, or that are infringed only by the combination of Covered Code 
with third party code. 

"OSRS Open Component" means any implementation in software of any 
functionality.

"Enabling Technology" means underlying or enabling technology that may be 
used, combined, or distributed in connection with OSRS Open Projects 
or other OSRS Open Components, such as hardware, operating systems, and applications 
that use OSRS Open technologies. 
